What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?

Initializing a repository lets git know that the directory is, in
fact, a repository. It creates a .git folder in the repository that
contains the information git needs for version control. 

Additionally, since every commit is a conscious decision accompanied
by a comment, git needs to be initialized without any initial commits
so that the user can make the appropriate decisions about what to commit.

How is the staging area different from the working directory 
and the repository? What value do you think it offers?

Unlike the working directory, the staging area is where you put
files when they're ready to be committed to the repository. I
think the main value that it offers is letting you ensure that
each commit is a meaningful, isolated change rather than just
bundling in all your work together at once.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?

You can use git diff to compare the staging area to the working directory to the
current commit. These comparisons will show you how you have changed the file and
where. If you have made more than one logical change, you will be able to separate them.

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history 
organized? How would branches help?

Branches help when you want to work on different paths for the project or
when you want to do things like maintain a clean working version while
you work on new features in other versions. Branches help by keeping a named
set of commits that you can explore, separate from the master branch. Later
we will also explore merging features between branches.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?

Diagrams can show the timeline of when branches were made and what changes
happened in each branch. They also demonstrate which commits will be reachable
for each branch.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?

When two branches are merged, their commits are combined based on their current
states and the state of the commit at the branch point. The result is a single
commit with two parents, the tips of each of the contributing branches. We
represent this in a diagram with a line joining the two commits. We do this because
the two commits are now joined into a single commit.